Documentation (#95)
N-Wouda/ALNS: docs/source/select.rst

.. module:: alns.select
   :synopsis: Operator selection schemes

Operator selection schemes
==========================

The :mod:`alns.select` module contains the various operator selection schemes the `alns` package ships with.
These are used during the ALNS search to select a destroy and repair operator pair in each iteration.

> All stopping criteria inherit from :class:`~alns.select.SelectionScheme.SelectionScheme`, which can be subclassed to create your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All operator selection schemes inherit from :class:`~alns.select.SelectionScheme.SelectionScheme`, which can be subclassed to create your own.
```
